README.md, before:

Chitter Challenge
=================

* Feel free to use Google, your notes, books, etc. but work on your own
* If you refer to the solution of another coach or trainee, please put a link to that in your README
* If you have a partial solution, **still check in a partial solution**
* You must submit your work by 9:30am Monday morning

Challenge:
-------

As usual please start by forking this repo.

We are going to write a small twitter clone that will allow users to post messages to a public wall.

Good luck and let the chitter begin!

Features:
-------

### Standard Acceptance Criteria
```
As a trainee software engineer
So that I can let people know what I am doing  
I want to post a message (peep) to chitter

As a trainee
So that I can see what others are saying  
I want to see all peeps in reverse chronological order

As a trainee
So that I can better appreciate the context of a peep
I want to see the time at which it was made

As a trainee
So that I can post messages on Chitter as me
I want to sign up for Chitter

As a trainee
So that only I can post messages on Chitter as me
I want to log in to Chitter

As a trainee
So that I can avoid others posting messages on Chitter as me
I want to log out of Chitter
```

Additional requirements:
------

* You don't have to be logged in to see the peeps.
* Trainee software engineers sign up to chitter with their email, password, name and a username (e.g. ewright@digitalfutures.com, password123, Ed Wright, edwright6975).
* The username and email are unique.
* Peeps (posts to chitter) have the name of the trainee and their user handle.
* Your README should indicate the technologies used, and give instructions on how to install and run the tests.

### Extended Acceptance Criteria

```
As a trainee
So that I can stay constantly tapped in to the shouty box of Chitter
I want to receive an email if I am tagged in a Peep

As a trainee
In order to start a conversation as a DFA trainee Software Engineer
I want to reply to a peep from another trainee.
```

Commit message:

Added Signup component. Made changes to Add Peep component and Login component. Made changes to Header component. Added an Authentication Component in the Login Folder. In Util folder added an authentication helper. Need to fix API calls.

README.md, after:

Chitter Challenge
=================


Project Structure:
-------


Approach:
-------

Single responsiblity , modular, clean code
Difference between validator file and controller logic


Features:
-------

### Standard Acceptance Criteria
```
As a trainee software engineer
So that I can let people know what I am doing  
I want to post a message (peep) to chitter

As a trainee
So that I can see what others are saying  
I want to see all peeps in reverse chronological order

As a trainee
So that I can better appreciate the context of a peep
I want to see the time at which it was made

As a trainee
So that I can post messages on Chitter as me
I want to sign up for Chitter

As a trainee
So that only I can post messages on Chitter as me
I want to log in to Chitter

As a trainee
So that I can avoid others posting messages on Chitter as me
I want to log out of Chitter
```

Additional requirements:
------

* You don't have to be logged in to see the peeps.
* Trainee software engineers sign up to chitter with their email, password, name and a username (e.g. ewright@digitalfutures.com, password123, Ed Wright, edwright6975).
* The username and email are unique.
* Peeps (posts to chitter) have the name of the trainee and their user handle.
* Your README should indicate the technologies used, and give instructions on how to install and run the tests.

### How to Test and View Finished Project

```
Backend: Open an integrated terminal in the test folder in the ChitterBackend Folder. Make sure you're in test folder. Type: NODE_ENV=test npm test. 

```
## References:
I used Canva.com for the Chitter logo image. For my project, I referenced:https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-use-localstorage-with-react-hooks-to-set-and-get-items/ on how to use localStorage with React. Usage of Postman to send data to my MongoDB. I used MDN web docs to research methods.
